[TT-17055] docs: update references for deprecated repos (#2033)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: api-management/event-driven-apis.mdx

manage and monetize real-time event streams and asynchronous APIs.

With *Tyk Streams*, you can easily connect to event brokers and streaming platforms, such as

> [Apache Kafka](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-install/tree/kafka), and expose them as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org), and expose them as
```
